the easiest ways to connect with team memories because you warrant officer
and they are listed or easiest ways is to stand the watch with
them. You're going to be in rotation picked out by other your head over
the senior watch officer. You've just got to stand that watch. Ask
questions, see with to understand what the personnel are doing, what
their mission is. He's respected. Watched what is the message we
watched? What's his injury? Also watched it. One. There's a tactical
action also what those missile control lost. You need Thio as your
stand, your watch. You're gonna stand there day in, day out. That's
the easiest way to earn back your trust and figure out what you could
do that. But if you just go to sleep or your your watches or for
lawful watch or don't pay attention to the lodge that will be noted
in, the personnel will not want to stay and watch with you